meany near mere near you not cool don't
don't leave me why Tim hey Mike Oh bro
money money more if I get you a skinny
whoa oh there's no seat back there man
go oh he's lifting off he's left off you
guys live till he cries Oh dad's gravity
the dorsal newest et phone home hey uh
you got any you got any gum I got any
gum
uh okay Wow okay I see Aaron I see you
get me something out what you do to me
query I don't know how to go up it just
kept Joey I think just crushed your
front of our car ah I want this guy to
get on his car and can you govern okay
uh huh I've been chilled yeah why not be
nailed it oh sweet dreams are made of
days
whoa okay that man down I think oh cool
oh wow girls on fire gosh whoa whoa did
you see loading she did they ran they
ran the fire guys running quite a pile
up here wait the harder on oh they
better back up the screams car Trek
threes here hold quickly by fire truck
for a gang this is madness ooh cash
money isn't it I got it
good Casa never a big explosion it's the
neverending party well that big part of
the neighborhood what is keeping
everyone's coding I think the fires call
me damage anything touching it and more
cars to keep piling that's like the
fifth ambulance nobody's been rescued
stop sending out whoa dang like a
firework show real fire he did Oh
patreon sponsors many thanks to everyone
who has supported us